Details: {'Job Title': 'Tools Developer', 'Company': 'Core Avionics & Industrial Inc', 'Location': 'Divisional Office', 'Work Term:': '2025 - Fall', 'Job Type:': 'Co-op Main', 'Job Title:': 'Tools Developer', 'Number of Job Openings:': '2', 'Level:': '', 'Region:': 'ON - Waterloo Region', 'Job - Address Line One:': '80 King Street South', 'Job - Address Line Two:': 'Unit 205', 'Job - City:': 'Waterloo', 'Job - Province/State:': 'Ontario', 'Job - Postal/Zip Code:': 'N2J 1P5', 'Job - Country:': 'Canada', 'Employment Location Arrangement:': 'Hybrid', 'Additional Employment Arrangement Location Information:': 'Students have the flexibility to work remotely from home or from our office in Uptown Waterloo', 'Work Term Duration:': '4 month work term', 'Job Summary:': 'Core AVI is looking for an experienced tools developer to be a part of our QA team. As a tools developer you will be responsible for the creation and management of tools to support the QA team and Development as a whole. You will be tasked with the maintenance and enhancement of existing tools while challenged with creating new tools to increase efficiency and effectiveness for the organization. We pride ourselves on having world class OpenGL solutions powering the most advanced embedded avionics and automotive systems! Our core values are family, developing quality products, and team collaboration. Sound interesting? We want to hear from you!', 'Job Responsibilities:': '', 'Required Skills:': 'Desired Skills:', 'Additional Information:': '', 'Compensation and Benefits:': 'Compensation is based upon work term. We do not offer benefits to co-ops.', 'Targeted Degrees and Disciplines:': '', 'Application Deadline': 'May 13, 2025\n\t\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t9:00 AM', 'Application Documents Required:': 'University of Waterloo Co-op Work History,Résumé,Grade Report', 'Additional Application Information:': "Why work for CoreAVI?\n\nCoreAVI is a company which fosters a cohesive work environment, encouraging teamwork and sharing organizational successes. If you are looking to join an organization which offers flexible hours, a talented and supportive team, an autonomous work environment, and niche software products relied upon worldwide, CoreAVI is the organization for you.\n\nSome of the reasons our team enjoys working at CoreAVI are:\n\nTechnically challenging and rewarding work. Working on the leading edge of new CPU and GPU technology, our team is always doing something new and innovative. The reward of seeing the work you contributed to driving the displays of the aircraft you are flying on is something you will never forget!\n\nTeamwork. Everyone says it but we really have it. Our team will not watch one-person struggle with an issue, they really do support them. Everyone is here to help because we know that meeting customer needs is critical to our success and working together is the only way to get there.\n\nSmall Company Culture. As we have grown from a small company to the medium one that we are today, we have maintained the values we have always had. We have a great sense of camaraderie and a 'get it done' attitude which is not hindered by layers of company bureaucracy.\n\nA company that is growing. We know that when a company sticks to what they have always done, not only will they not grow, they'll fall backwards. That's why we're not frightened to lead our industry with innovative new products that customers need now and we react quickly to do it. To keep up with that growing demand, we are growing fast and we need more talent to help us.\n\nAs CoreAVI continues to grow and expand into new markets, we need creative, self-driven individuals to join our team and share in the success, but more importantly, enjoy the journey there.", 'Application Method:': 'WaterlooWorks', 'Organization:': 'Core Avionics & Industrial Inc', 'Division:': 'Divisional Office', 'Job Posting ID': 'Tools Developer'}

