Details: {'Job Title': 'Transportation Planner', 'Company': 'BA Consulting Group Ltd', 'Location': 'Corporate Office', 'Work Term:': '2025 - Fall', 'Job Type:': 'Co-op Main', 'Job Title:': 'Transportation Planner', 'Employer Internal Job Number:': 'Toronto', 'Number of Job Openings:': '1', 'Level:': '', 'Region:': 'ON - Toronto', 'Job - Address Line One:': '95 St Clair Avenue West', 'Job - Address Line Two:': 'Suite 1000', 'Job - City:': 'Toronto', 'Job - Province/State:': 'Ontario', 'Job - Postal/Zip Code:': 'M4V 1N6', 'Job - Country:': 'Canada', 'Employment Location Arrangement:': 'Hybrid', 'Work Term Duration:': '4 month work term', 'Job Summary:': 'BA Consulting Group Ltd. is a Canadian firm incorporated in 1974, specializing in urban transportation planning and design. We provide transit, pedestrian, bicycle, traffic, parking and loading solutions to facilitate design, approval and implementation of facilities and events which attract large numbers of people.\n\nWe work with owners, architects and other multi-disciplinary team members to create development plans supported by properly integrated transportation systems. BA Group has thus contributed to the success of thousands of noteworthy projects, including: residential, office, mixed-use, entertainment, retail, sports, education, health care, resort, recreation, parking, transit and industrial land uses.\n\nWe are currently looking for a motivated, responsible individual who is able to work independently, but also effectively with other team members. The candidate will preferably be in 3rd or 4th year Planning with a demonstrated interest in Transportation Planning.\n\nBA Group understands your need to have a positive learning experience during your work term, therefore we are flexible in giving you the most freedom and responsibility you are capable of handling. Each project is team-based, so you will have the opportunity to work with many staff, solving unique and challenging problems for our clients.\n\nPlease visit our website at http://www.bagroup.com.', 'Job Responsibilities:': 'Major responsibilities and learning opportunities include:', 'Required Skills:': 'Specific skills required for this position are:', 'Transportation and Housing:': 'You will be responsible for all transportation and housing costs and arrangements. BA Group is located at the intersection of Yonge Street and St. Clair Avenue in the city of Toronto, and accessible by the TTC (Line 1 - Yonge/University-Spadina subway). Use of a personal vehicle for work-related reasons (if required) will be reimbursed.', 'Compensation and Benefits:': 'BA Group pays a tiered salary structure based on academic year and co-op term of the applicant. Details regarding compensation and benefits will be discussed at the interview.', 'Targeted Degrees and Disciplines:': '', 'Application Deadline': 'May 13, 2025\n\t\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t9:00 AM', 'Application Documents Required:': 'University of Waterloo Co-op Work History,Résumé,Grade Report', 'Additional Application Information:': "We've found that it's really helpful when we're able to look at actual work samples to get a sense of your skillset. If you are selected for an interview, please be prepared to show us an example of your work (i.e. a memo, report, etc...) that you've created as part of a school project or a previous work term, to demonstrate your experience.", 'Application Method:': 'WaterlooWorks', 'Organization:': 'BA Consulting Group Ltd', 'Division:': 'Corporate Office', 'Job Posting ID': 'Transportation Planner'}

