Details: {'Job Title': 'Embedded AI & Computer Software Developer', 'Company': 'Core Avionics & Industrial Inc', 'Location': 'Divisional Office', 'Work Term:': '2025 - Fall', 'Job Type:': 'Co-op Main', 'Job Title:': 'Embedded AI & Computer Software Developer', 'Number of Job Openings:': '1', 'Level:': '', 'Region:': 'ON - Waterloo Region', 'Job - Address Line One:': '80 King Street South', 'Job - Address Line Two:': 'Unit 205', 'Job - City:': 'Waterloo', 'Job - Province/State:': 'Ontario', 'Job - Postal/Zip Code:': 'N2J 1P5', 'Job - Country:': 'Canada', 'Employment Location Arrangement:': 'Remote', 'Additional Employment Arrangement Location Information:': 'Students are welcome to work remotely from their home or from our office in Uptown Waterloo.', 'Work Term Duration:': '4 month work term', 'Job Summary:': "CoreAVI's Software Developer Co-op position offers an opportunity to work alongside and learn from some of the most experienced developers in the field; people who value technically challenging and rewarding work and who are committed to providing world class solutions to power today's and tomorrow's most advanced embedded avionics and automotive systems! We are looking for motivated and talented students who are driven to succeed. Here at CoreAVI we will provide you with real working experience and a wealth of opportunity for learning and development in a fun and welcoming environment. You will have the opportunity to acquire experience working in multithreaded and multi-process environments and you'll use mutexes and semaphores to coordinate asynchronous tasks in complex environments. You will work with complex hardware systems consisting of different discrete blocks operating in different endianness and learn how modern GPUs employ its parallel engines for rendering and computational purposes.", 'Job Responsibilities:': '', 'Required Skills:': '', 'Additional Information:': '', 'Compensation and Benefits:': '', 'Targeted Degrees and Disciplines:': '', 'Application Deadline': 'May 13, 2025\n\t\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t9:00 AM', 'Application Documents Required:': 'University of Waterloo Co-op Work History,Résumé,Grade Report', 'Additional Application Information:': "Why work for CoreAVI?\n\nCoreAVI is very much an employee first, family first company. With some of the top software engineers, and a driven, knowledgeable sales team, CoreAVI is the world's leading supplier of graphic and video drivers for real time safety critical systems. CoreAVI actively participates in the next generation of safety critical graphics APIs as defined by Khronos Group.\n\nCoreAVI fosters a cohesive work environment, encouraging teamwork and sharing organizational successes. If you are looking to join an organization which truly understands the meaning of Work-Life Balance by offering flexible hours, a talented and supportive team, an autonomous work environment, and niche software products relied upon worldwide, CoreAVI is the organization for you.\n\nSome of the reasons our team enjoys working at CoreAVI are:\n\nTechnically challenging and rewarding work. Working on the leading edge of new CPU and GPU technology, our team is always doing something new and innovative. The reward of seeing the work you contributed to driving the displays of the aircraft you are flying on is something you will never forget!\n\nTeamwork. Everyone says it but we really have it. Our team will not watch one person struggle with an issue, they really do support them. Everyone is here to help because we know that meeting customer needs is critical to our success and working together is the only way to get there.\n\nSmall Company Culture. As we have grown from a small company to the medium one that we are today, we have maintained the values we have always had. We have a great sense of camaraderie and a 'get it done' attitude which is not hindered by layers of company bureaucracy.\n\nA company that is growing. We know that when a company sticks to what they have always done, not only will they not grow, they'll fall backwards. That's why we're not frightened to lead our industry with innovative new products that customers need now and we react quickly to do it. To keep up with that growing demand, we are growing fast and we need more talent to help us.\n\nAs CoreAVI continues to grow and expand into new markets, we need creative, self-driven individuals to join our team and share in the success, but more importantly, enjoy the journey there. So, if you like the sound of what our team enjoys today and you want to be part of our tomorrow, here's what we are looking for.", 'Application Method:': 'WaterlooWorks', 'Organization:': 'Core Avionics & Industrial Inc', 'Division:': 'Divisional Office', 'Job Posting ID': 'Embedded AI & Computer Software Developer'}

