Details: {'Job Title': 'Embedded Security Developer', 'Company': 'ETAS', 'Location': 'ETAS Embedded Systems Canada Inc', 'Work Term:': '2025 - Fall', 'Job Type:': 'Co-op Main', 'Job Title:': 'Embedded Security Developer', 'Number of Job Openings:': '1', 'Level:': '', 'Region:': 'ON - Waterloo Region', 'Job - Address Line One:': '419 Phillip Street', 'Job - Address Line Two:': 'Unit B', 'Job - City:': 'Waterloo', 'Job - Province/State:': 'Ontario', 'Job - Postal/Zip Code:': 'N2L 3X2', 'Job - Country:': 'Canada', 'Employment Location Arrangement:': 'Hybrid', 'Additional Employment Arrangement Location Information:': 'Our team currently works in a hybrid model, with 2 days per week required in our Waterloo office.\n\nThe other 3 days you are welcome to work remotely. You will be issued a performance laptop and all necessary software for remote connectivity. The office is always available if you want to work from the office on a "remote" day for any reason.', 'Work Term Duration:': '4 month work term', 'Job Summary:': "Security is important, more so than ever before. That includes the vehicles we drive. As our world continues to become more connected and vehicles become increasing driven by software, the need to provide holistic solutions to secure them continues to increase. ETAS is a leading provider of IT security solutions in embedded systems and provides consulting and services for enterprise security and IT-protected production. In the area of automotive security, products from ETAS are chosen by OEM's and Tier 1 automotive suppliers millions of times over. Our teams in Waterloo provide industry leading embedded security software features used by Tier 1 automotive suppliers to meet the requirements of major North American OEMs. We also work closely with these OEMs to be on the ground floor of shaping the security direction of the automotive industry in the years to come.\n\nWant to help us build software that protects millions of vehicles on the road? Want help solve the security problems of tomorrow in a real-world context? Ready to be stretched and push your limits? We just might have a place for you.\n\nWHAT WE OFFER", 'Job Responsibilities:': "At ETAS Canada you will be treated as a full-time Embedded Security Developer. You will be given challenges that match your skill level and interests as much as possible. You will work on the actual embedded HW that controls vehicles. You will be expected to contribute just like every other team member and will be fully integrated into our small team. You will have goals and we expect you to meet them. Don't worry, we work collaboratively and help each other out so you will have support when you need it.\n\nAre you up for the challenge? We promise we will push you and you will learn a lot. We'll also do our best to make sure you have a great term.", 'Required Skills:': "We are looking for smart, tenacious and talented students who want to push the envelope of what is possible in the technology of tomorrow. We don't expect you to know everything. We are looking for those willing to rise to the challenge and give it their best shot.\n\nInterest in the following courses may indicate a good match with our culture:", 'Compensation and Benefits:': '', 'Targeted Degrees and Disciplines:': '', 'Application Deadline': 'May 13, 2025\n\t\t\t\t\t\n\t\t\t\t\t\t9:00 AM', 'Application Documents Required:': 'University of Waterloo Co-op Work History,Résumé,Grade Report', 'Additional Application Information:': 'For more information about ETAS you can find us online at https://www.etas.com/en/company/about-etas.php.\n\nCurious about our products? Check out https://www.etas.com/en/products/escrypt-products.php.', 'Application Method:': 'WaterlooWorks', 'Organization:': 'ETAS', 'Division:': 'ETAS Embedded Systems Canada Inc', 'Job Posting ID': 'Embedded Security Developer'}

